you
everybody's tracks rc1 um today I'm
going to say how to soften up your tires
I just can see here I already have a
pair of tires going they're getting
pretty soft from here
yeah but I will show you how to do this
it's easy really easy all you need is a
bag wd-40 and or simple grain you can
use either one up for a simple grain
because it's about four dollars for this
huge bottle and this is about five
dollars so I use whatever's cheaper but
you need that in a bag um you can do
this with any tire accept foam tires so
I'm for all you guys running pen cars
and on road cars I'm sorry can't really
use it on those because the foams just
kind of a deteriorate just just slow
part now but you can use on any rubber
tire for example these my old flash
tires or some
Tmax side tires but yeah all you need to
do is open up a bag let's go down drop
the tires on there for some wd-40 in
there
I just using um a pretty big pour enough
to get about that much of the tire field
you want to be able to be able to take
the bag and cover your whole tire kinda
like this kind of more about that much W
that much simple grain in there that's
how you do it there but you let it sit
for
three or four days come down everyday
and shake it up and I get it all in
there and it should make your rubber a
lot softer a lot stickier this cheap way
to do it just kind of on the stereo
share this with you but yeah I'm going
to take these tires out dry them out and
oops I'm going to put these on one slash
in a minute and do a little video for
you so stay tuned for that
oh and before forget me and one of my
friends on YouTube
Ford 36:45 on I forgot that right but
his name is my expired now he has
another profile and made him I reckon
web show it's going to be called RC top
RC - talk dot dot webs or dot-com dot
web's I'm pretty sure stout webs but
we'll be getting that up running soon
and I'd like if we had a few members so
when we get that up and running I'll
make a video and I'll leave a link over
here but I really check that out when we
get that's going to be pretty cool just
a bunch of the tips helps videos stuff
like that um so make sure you join that
cuz he's really working hard to get that
finished and get that um up and running
so much are you doing um I will tell you
when we get it up though so uh that's it
for now on trucks RC one signing out I
was self YouTube just a little indoor /
running with the new 17 millimeter hex
is on I do have one problem whether
though they're really wobbly the rear
the strapped on I'm not after I put on
but they're really shaky but I'll show
you when I get down with this so I'm try
them out
well this janitor drop my hates the
store I didn't try guys on this well
talking about on you notice here that's
really thank you the shaft you can hold
it and uh this is really loose wobbly um
I have found no way of fixing it of try
putting a nut in there but you can't
tighten on the nut because you can't
tighten on the nut more than that
because that hole is too small for any
wrench I have and I've tried putting a
spacer I try put the spacer out there
and right here but um still I've got two
spacers in there on both sides and it's
still really really really wobbly I
don't know what really what's up with
them um not very happy with these with
this brand of hexes um you could
probably get a little bit more expensive
this is $27 they come in like thirty
dollars and there's a forty dollar pair
but I'm not really happy with these not
change them
let's see if the attract I go to has
anything to fix 'is it really it really
may not look like a lot of wobble right
there but then once you put this tire on
there is a lot of wobble what do you
need when you need you hungry okay
but anyway besides my cat look how much
wobble that is I mean my whole
definitely get ruler down this
underneath my body so okay but I'm
there's that
let's try gets lined up for you it can
be in from there all the way to there
that's a lot of wobble not very happy
does want to get them fixed I have a
Traxxas for tech coming soon so that's
pretty cool that's going really fast
really nice car thanks for watching uh
tracks rc1 sign it out